README.md, before:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![GPL3 License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
[![Ask Me Anything][ask-me-anything]][personal-page]
<br>
[![DeepScan grade](https://deepscan.io/api/teams/20369/projects/23976/branches/733365/badge/grade.svg)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard#view=project&tid=20369&pid=23976&bid=733365)
[![DeepSource](https://deepsource.io/gh/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg/?label=active+issues&show_trend=true&token=6JQcSY0CMG0I2x05AgkwzzS3)](https://deepsource.io/gh/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/?ref=repository-badge)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/05def42fc9d64638a1dcedd149d1d5ed)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=non-existing-organization/yoloCommit&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit">
    <img src="https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/raw/master/resources/icon.png" alt="Main Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">LazyLogX</h3>

  <p align="center">
Can't be bothered to write a commit, yoloCommit dude.
    <br />
    <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JohnStilia.lazylogx">VSCode Extension</a>
    </br>
    <a href="https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/issues/new?labels=i%3A+bug&template=1-bug-report.md">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/issues/new?labels=i%3A+enhancement&template=2-feature-request.md">Request Feature</a>

  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [About The Project](#about-the-project)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Using the VSCode Extension](#using-the-vscode-extension)
- [Supported Languages](#supported-languages)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

YoloCommit is a VS Code extension that takes the work out of committing code by adding and committing all changed files with a wacky, random commit message. Bring a little fun to your code hygiene routine and increase productivity with YoloCommit - because who needs serious commit messages anyway?

---

## Usage

## Using the VSCode Extension

1. Install the extension from the [VSCode Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JohnStilia.yolocommit)
2. Write Code

3. Press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>L</kbd> or <kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>Win</kbd>+<kbd>L</kbd> to log the variable on a new line.
4. Run your code and enjoy lazy debugging.

You can also remote the console statement by going to the line with a statement and press the keybind again.

---

## Supported Languages

- JavaScript
- TypeScript
- Python
- Go

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

---

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the GPLv3 License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact

John Stilia - stilia.johny@gmail.com

---

## Acknowledgements

- [Yezen](https://github.com/yezen-alnafei)
- [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
- [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
- [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg
[forks-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg
[stars-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg
[issues-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit
[license-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg

[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/]/
[ask-me-anything]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Ask%20me-anything-1abc9c.svg
[personal-page]: https://github.com/stiliajohny

Commit message:

Yolo Commit: I understand that it's an antipattern, but it's convenient.

README.md, after:

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![GPL3 License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![LinkedIn][linkedin-shield]][linkedin-url]
[![Ask Me Anything][ask-me-anything]][personal-page]
<br>
[![DeepScan grade](https://deepscan.io/api/teams/20369/projects/23976/branches/733365/badge/grade.svg)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard#view=project&tid=20369&pid=23976&bid=733365)
[![DeepSource](https://deepsource.io/gh/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg/?label=active+issues&show_trend=true&token=6JQcSY0CMG0I2x05AgkwzzS3)](https://deepsource.io/gh/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/?ref=repository-badge)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/05def42fc9d64638a1dcedd149d1d5ed)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=non-existing-organization/yoloCommit&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit">
    <img src="https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/raw/master/resources/icon.png" alt="Main Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">LazyLogX</h3>

  <p align="center">
Can't be bothered to write a commit, yoloCommit dude.
    <br />
    <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JohnStilia.lazylogx">VSCode Extension</a>
    </br>
    <a href="https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/issues/new?labels=i%3A+bug&template=1-bug-report.md">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/issues/new?labels=i%3A+enhancement&template=2-feature-request.md">Request Feature</a>

  </p>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [About The Project](#about-the-project)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Using the VSCode Extension](#using-the-vscode-extension)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

YoloCommit is a VS Code extension that takes the work out of committing code by adding and committing all changed files with a wacky, random commit message. Bring a little fun to your code hygiene routine and increase productivity with YoloCommit - because who needs serious commit messages anyway?

---

## Usage

## Using the VSCode Extension

1. Install the extension from the [VSCode Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JohnStilia.yolocommit)
2. Write Code

3. Press <kbd>Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Option</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> to yolo commit.
4. Continue writing code

---

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

---

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

---

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the GPLv3 License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact

John Stilia - stilia.johny@gmail.com

---

## Acknowledgements

- [Yezen](https://github.com/yezen-alnafei)
- [GitHub Emoji Cheat Sheet](https://www.webpagefx.com/tools/emoji-cheat-sheet)
- [Img Shields](https://shields.io)
- [Choose an Open Source License](https://choosealicense.com)
- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg
[forks-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg
[stars-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit.svg
[issues-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit
[license-url]: https://github.com/non-existing-organization/yoloCommit/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg

[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/]/
[ask-me-anything]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Ask%20me-anything-1abc9c.svg
[personal-page]: https://github.com/stiliajohny
